Ordered sets module java (#259)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/3_Silver/Intro_Ordered.mdx

In ordered sets and maps, accessing or removing the next key higher or lower than some input `k` is also supported.

## Using Iterators

In Bronze, we avoided discussion of any set operations involving iterators.

<LanguageSection>

<CPPSection>

<Resources>
	<Resource source="CPH" title="4.4 - Set Iterators" starred></Resource>
</Resources>

</CPPSection>

<JavaSection>

> In java, iterators are helpful in looping through sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Java, iterators are helpful for looping through sets.
```

> Iterators used on **HashSet** would have the elements in a random order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iterators used with `HashSet` would yield the elements in random order:
```

```java
Set<Integer> set = new HashSet<Integer>();
set.add(1); set.add(3); set.add(0); set.add(-2);
Iterator it = set.iterator();
while(it.hasNext()){
   Integer i = (Integer)it.next();
   System.out.print(i + " "); // returns 0 1 -2 3
}
```

> But in **TreeSet** the elements are in a sorted order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But with `TreeSet` the elements are in sorted order:
```

```java
Set<Integer> set = new TreeSet<Integer>();
set.add(1); set.add(3); set.add(0); set.add(-2);
Iterator it = set.iterator();
while(it.hasNext()){
   Integer i = (Integer)it.next();
   System.out.print(i + " "); // returns -2 0 1 3
}
```

> Instead of creating an iterator and looping through it, Java provides a for-each loop which creates a hidden iterator and loops through it automatically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of creating an iterator and looping with it like in C++, Java provides a for-each loop which creates a hidden iterator and loops with it automatically:
```

```java
Set<Integer> set = new TreeSet<Integer>();
set.add(1); set.add(3); set.add(0); set.add(-2);
for (int i : set){
   System.out.print(i + " "); // returns -2 0 1 3
}
```
<Warning>

> You shouldn't modify sets when traversing it with set iterators like in any other iteterators for Collections (this **INCLUDES** when using a for-each loop). The only modification possible is using the iterator `remove()` method which can only be used once before calling a `next()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You shouldn't modify sets when traversing it with set iterators like in any other iterators for Collections (this **INCLUDES** when using a for-each loop). The only modification possible is using the iterator `remove()` method which can only be used once before calling a `next()` method.
```
